Model - Responsible for all the Data, Sthate and Application Logic.
View - The User Interface the client gets to see. Its the Window to the Model. Represents the Sthate of the Model. Never alters the Model just uses its sthate to display.
Controller - Creamy part in between the View and Model. Responsible for manipulating the model for user actions it gets from View.

Controller logic can also be added to View layer but generally it is not done so because of 2 reasons
1) View code gets complicated with 2 responsibilities - managing the user interface and dealing with the logic of controlling the model.
2) Tight coulpling of view with model.

Design Patterns in MVC.
-----------------------

1) Strategy - View and Controller use this pattern. Controller is the behaviour of the View. 
View is configured with a Strategy Object (Controller). View is concerned with only the visual aspects of the application and delegates to the controller for all the user actions.
This pattern helps the View layer to be decoupled from Model because its the Controller that is reponsible for interacting with the Model to carry out the user requests.
Controllers can be easily exchanged by the View to change the behaviour.

2) Observer - Model uses Observer to intimate View and Controller about the latest sthate changes.
Using this pattern completely decouples the Model from View and Controller.  It also provides the flexibility of using more than one View with the same model.

3) Composite - View uses this pattern internally to manage the UI Components - windows, buttons and other display elements. View consists of a nested set of windows, panels, buttons and so on.
Each display component is a composite (Window) or a leaf (button). When the Controller tells the View to update, View only has to update the top view component, 
	and the composite takes care of the rest. 

Flow 
----

User Interacts with the View.
View delegates the user action to Controller. Controller interprets them and accordingly manipulates the Model.
	Some times Controller also tells the View to change as a result of user action.
When the sthate of Model changes as a result of user action / internal change it notifies the View about the Sthate change.
View gets the Sthate it displays directly from the Model. View might also ask the Model for sthate when Controller requests some change in the View.